Mom
Are you all right?
What do I need?
You didn't say my mother was sick, did you?
It's just an excuse
There's something else.
So what's up?
The son you didn't kill
To settle accounts with our Dong family
You call him
Do the math
You lied to me so much.
It's been less than a week since I got back
Why did he annoy you? Don't talk so much
Make a call.
Hey, what about the Dragon Emperor I asked you to make an appointment for me?
How's it going?
Oops, soon, soon
I said hello to Shura
I'll see him in a few days
Wow, really?
Can my words still be false?
Hello mom
Aren't you going to destroy our Dong family?
Come on, give my mom a try.
Let the Dong family be destroyed
Good idea.